mattermost to channels updates (#4991)
mattermost/docs: source/messaging/welcome-to-mattermost-channels.rst

Welcome to Mattermost Channels!
===============================

Mattermost Channels are communication workflows that offer channel-based real-time and asynchronous collaboration through a modern, digital workspace that will help you be more productive in your day-to-day work life.

Some of the major benefits of using Channels include:

> - All your team communication is in one place with channels for topic-based, group-based, or meeting-based project collaboration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All your team communication is in one place with channels for topic-based, group-based, or meeting-based project collaboration.
```

> - Integrated voice, video, file, and link sharing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Integrated voice, video, file, and link sharing.
```

> - Removes information and organizational silos with Direct 1:1, Group Messaging, as well as site-wide search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removes information and organizational silos with Direct 1:1, Group Messaging, as well as site-wide search.
```

> - Markdown and code syntax highlighting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Markdown and code syntax highlighting.
```

> - Persistent communication history

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Persistent communication history.
```

> Feel free to view our `Mattermost demo video  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuDvrkrqRzg>`__ and browse through our `channel documentation <https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/messaging.html>`__ for more information on how to use Mattermost Channels!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a look at the `Mattermost demo video  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuDvrkrqRzg>`__ and browse through our `channel documentation <https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/messaging.html>`__ for more information on how to use Mattermost Channels!
```
